Support prometheus metrics (#19)
projectsyn/component-topolvm: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/runbooks/TopoLVMVolumeGroupNearFull.adoc

= Alert rule: TopoLVMVolumeGroupNearFull

include::partial$runbooks/contribution_note.adoc[]

== icon:glasses[] Overview

> This alert fires when utilization of a TopoLVM node is higher than 85% of the nodes' capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert fires when the utilization of a TopoLVM node is higher than 85% of the nodes volume group capacity.
```

> The cluster will become read-only at 85% utilization.

Reviewer: Probably not valid.

Author: :D

> To resolve this alert, unused data should be deleted or the lvm group size must be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this alert, unused data should be deleted or the lvm volume group size must be increased.
```
